Title: An anomaly detection framework for BGP
Summary: … In this work we develop an anomaly detection framework combined with a … to anomaly 
detection on BGP traffic. Our preprocessing module extracts several high level features from BGP …
Title: Bgnn: Detection of bgp anomalies using graph neural networks
Summary: … for BGP anomaly detection. In this paper we show that, i) a GNN based model can effectively 
be used to detect BGP anomaly … for anomaly detection, and more specifically for online BGP …
Title: [HTML][HTML] Matrix Profile data mining for BGP anomaly detection
Summary: … BGP anomaly detection. We propose the Matrix Profile (MP) family of algorithms as a candidate 
for BGP anomaly detection… has been shown to successfully detect anomalies in data with …
Title: Combining visual and automated data mining for near-real-time anomaly detection and analysis in BGP
Summary: … -based anomaly detection and signature-based detection to examine BGP updates. We 
compared these two methods and highlight the difficulties in BGP anomaly detection. As our …
Title: Detecting BGP anomalies with wavelet
Summary: … propose a BGP anomaly detection framework called BAlet that delivers both temporal and 
spatial localization of the potential anomalies. It requires only a simple count of BGP update …
Title: On detection of anomalous routing dynamics in BGP
Summary: … We apply the anomaly detection on the BGP updates and find that the warnings have 
been flagged for some prefixes from DoD, Korean and China, while the prefixes for popular …
Title: Performance evaluation of BGP anomaly classifiers
Summary: … in BGP update messages, is stored in the Routing Information Base (RIB). Recent BGP anomaly 
detection … machine learning algorithms for detecting Internet anomalies using RIB. Naive …
Title: Unsupervised real-time detection of BGP anomalies leveraging high-rate and fine-grained telemetry data
Summary: … anomaly detection in BGP-only [3] datacenter network. We stress that while anomaly detection 
is an old field, BGP anomaly detection … seldom used in BGP anomaly detection. Moreover, …
Title: Deep learning for detection of BGP anomalies
Summary: The Internet uses Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) for exchange of routes and reachability 
information between Autonomous Systems (AS). Hence, BGP is subject to anomalous traffic …
Title: An efficient BGP anomaly detection scheme with hybrid graph features
Summary: … detect due to their small propagation range. We implement a lightweight BGP anomaly detection 
… In addition, we use a mixture of BGP attribute features and graph features to detect small…
Title: Detecting BGP route anomalies with deep learning
Summary: Fake or mistaken BGP updates can cause serious damage to Internet routing. We note that 
an expert network administrator can develop a “gut feeling” that lets them identify mistaken or …
Title: Topology-based detection of anomalous BGP messages
Summary: … It is known that BGP has weaknesses that are fundamental to the protocol design. Many … 
detecting malicious inter-domain routing update messages through passive monitoring of BGP …
Title: Telemetry-based stream-learning of BGP anomalies
Summary: … try data, with the purpose of real-time detection of BGP anomalies. In particular, we 
implement an anomaly detection engine that leverages DenStream, an unsupervised clustering …
Title: Detecting BGP anomalies using machine learning techniques
Summary: … We select 10 features from the BGP datasets [7] using feature … and LSTM classifiers are then 
used to detect anomalies. … SVM and LSTM models used for anomaly detection. In Section III, …
Title: Selection of effective features for BGP anomaly detection
Summary: … used for detection of BGP anomaly from BGP update messages … A set of 35 features are 
extracted from BGP update … out important features for detection of BGP anomaly. Popular feature …
Title: [HTML][HTML] Median Absolute Deviation for BGP Anomaly Detection
Summary: … a BGP anomaly, evaluating how this definition encompasses a range of anomalies from 
inefficient … a clear basis for evaluating the effectiveness of our BGP anomaly detection technique. …
Title: [인용][C] Characterizing BGP community irregularities toward an anomaly detection engine
Summary: 
Title: Visual-based anomaly detection for BGP origin AS change (OASC) events
Summary: … experimental visual anomaly detection system for BGP OASC (… our visualization design for 
the BGP/OASC events in Sections … anomaly system to detect non-trivial BGP/OASC problems. …
Title: [HTML][HTML] Using bursty announcements for detecting BGP routing anomalies
Summary: … -concept BGP anomaly detection method that uses data only from current route collectors. 
We use RouteViews route collectors to compute a detection signature of BGP incidents based …
Title: Realtime BGP Anomaly Detection Using Graph Centrality Features
Summary: … methods for BGP anomaly detection. The earliest method used to detect BGP anomalies is 
time … of abnormal behaviour in a set of BGP updates collected within a time period. However, …
